Add GPU section to model_implementation.md (#253)
OceanBioME/OceanBioME.jl: docs/src/model_implementation.md

We can see in this that some phytoplankton sink to the bottom, and are both remineralized back into nutrients and stored in the sediment.

### Running on a GPU

In order to run a BGC model on a GPU, the BGC model must first be `adapted` (see [here](https://clima.github.io/OceananigansDocumentation/stable/simulation_tips/#Arrays-in-GPUs-are-usually-different-from-arrays-in-CPUs) for more information). After the definition of the BGC `struct`, we need to write:

> ```@example implementing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```@example implementing
using Pkg; Pkg.add("Adapt")
```

We can see in this that some phytoplankton sink to the bottom, and are both remineralized back into nutrients and stored in the sediment.

### Running on a GPU

> In order to run a BGC model on a GPU, the BGC model must first be `adapted`. After the definition of the BGC `struct`, we need to write:

Reviewer: It might be good to add a link to [this](https://clima.github.io/OceananigansDocumentation/stable/simulation_tips/#Arrays-in-GPUs-are-usually-different-from-arrays-in-CPUs) explanation of what is going on here

```@example implementing
using Adapt

import Adapt: adapt_structure

Adapt.adapt_structure(to, bgc::NutrientPhytoplankton) = NutrientPhytoplankton(adapt(to, bgc.base_growth_rate),
                                                                              adapt(to, bgc.nutrient_half_saturation),
                                                                              adapt(to, bgc.light_half_saturation),
                                                                              adapt(to, bgc.temperature_exponent),
                                                                              adapt(to, bgc.temperature_coefficient),
                                                                              adapt(to, bgc.optimal_temperature),
                                                                              adapt(to, bgc.mortality_rate),
                                                                              adapt(to, bgc.crowding_mortality_rate),

>                                                                               adapt(to, bgc.sinking_velocity))

Reviewer: Thinking again I think that the sinking velocity can just be `nothing` in the adapted version since it will never be used inside a kernel (except when passed explitily anyway)

Author: Do you mean that I should write `nothing` in place of `adapt(to, bgc.sinking_velocity)`?

Reviewer: yeah

Reviewer: what error does it give?

Author: ```
ERROR: InvalidIRError: compiling MethodInstance for Oceananigans.Models.NonhydrostaticModels.gpu_compute_Gc!(::KernelAbstractions.CompilerMetadata{…}, ::OffsetArrays.OffsetArray{…}, ::RectilinearGrid{…}, ::Nothing, ::Tuple{…}) resulted in invalid LLVM IR
Reason: unsupported dynamic function invocation (call to getindex)
Stacktrace:
 [1] getindex
   @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Utils/sum_of_arrays.jl:25
 [2] Az_qᶜᶜᶠ
   @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Operators/products_between_fields_and_grid_metrics.jl:11
 [3] advective_tracer_flux_z
   @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Advection/centered_advective_fluxes.jl:33
 [4] _advective_tracer_flux_z
   @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Advection/tracer_advection_operators.jl:4
 [5] δzᵃᵃᶜ
   @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Operators/difference_operators.jl:26
 [6] div_Uc
   @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Advection/tracer_advection_operators.jl:31
 [7] tracer_tendency
   @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Models/NonhydrostaticModels/nonhydrostatic_tendency_kernel_functions.jl:253
 [8] gpu_compute_Gc!
   @ ~/.julia/packages/KernelAbstractions/sWSE0/src/macros.jl:322
 [9] gpu_compute_Gc!
   @ ./none:0
Hint: catch this exception as `err` and call `code_typed(err; interactive = true)` to introspect the erronous code with Cthulhu.jl
Stacktrace:
  [1] check_ir(job::GPUCompiler.CompilerJob{GPUCompiler.PTXCompilerTarget, CUDA.CUDACompilerParams}, args::LLVM.Module)
    @ GPUCompiler ~/.julia/packages/GPUCompiler/OGnEB/src/validation.jl:167
  [2] macro expansion
    @ ~/.julia/packages/GPUCompiler/OGnEB/src/driver.jl:381 [inlined]
  [3] 
    @ GPUCompiler ~/.julia/packages/GPUCompiler/OGnEB/src/utils.jl:110
  [4] emit_llvm
    @ ~/.julia/packages/GPUCompiler/OGnEB/src/utils.jl:108 [inlined]
  [5] 
    @ GPUCompiler ~/.julia/packages/GPUCompiler/OGnEB/src/driver.jl:100
  [6] codegen
    @ ~/.julia/packages/GPUCompiler/OGnEB/src/driver.jl:82 [inlined]
  [7] compile(target::Symbol, job::GPUCompiler.CompilerJob; kwargs::@Kwargs{})
    @ GPUCompiler ~/.julia/packages/GPUCompiler/OGnEB/src/driver.jl:79
  [8] compile
    @ ~/.julia/packages/GPUCompiler/OGnEB/src/driver.jl:74 [inlined]
  [9] #1171
    @ ~/.julia/packages/CUDA/RQqFT/src/compiler/compilation.jl:255 [inlined]
 [10] JuliaContext(f::CUDA.var"#1171#1174"{GPUCompiler.CompilerJob{…}}; kwargs::@Kwargs{})
    @ GPUCompiler ~/.julia/packages/GPUCompiler/OGnEB/src/driver.jl:34
 [11] JuliaContext(f::Function)
    @ GPUCompiler ~/.julia/packages/GPUCompiler/OGnEB/src/driver.jl:25
 [12] compile(job::GPUCompiler.CompilerJob)
    @ CUDA ~/.julia/packages/CUDA/RQqFT/src/compiler/compilation.jl:254
 [13] actual_compilation(cache::Dict{…}, src::Core.MethodInstance, world::UInt64, cfg::GPUCompiler.CompilerConfig{…}, compiler::typeof(CUDA.compile), linker::typeof(CUDA.link))
    @ GPUCompiler ~/.julia/packages/GPUCompiler/OGnEB/src/execution.jl:237
 [14] cached_compilation(cache::Dict{…}, src::Core.MethodInstance, cfg::GPUCompiler.CompilerConfig{…}, compiler::Function, linker::Function)
    @ GPUCompiler ~/.julia/packages/GPUCompiler/OGnEB/src/execution.jl:151
 [15] macro expansion
    @ ~/.julia/packages/CUDA/RQqFT/src/compiler/execution.jl:373 [inlined]
 [16] macro expansion
    @ ./lock.jl:273 [inlined]
 [17] cufunction(f::typeof(Oceananigans.Models.NonhydrostaticModels.gpu_compute_Gc!), tt::Type{…}; kwargs::@Kwargs{…})
    @ CUDA ~/.julia/packages/CUDA/RQqFT/src/compiler/execution.jl:368
 [18] macro expansion
    @ ~/.julia/packages/CUDA/RQqFT/src/compiler/execution.jl:112 [inlined]
 [19] (::KernelAbstractions.Kernel{…})(::Field{…}, ::Vararg{…}; ndrange::Nothing, workgroupsize::Nothing)
    @ CUDA.CUDAKernels ~/.julia/packages/CUDA/RQqFT/src/CUDAKernels.jl:103
 [20] (::KernelAbstractions.Kernel{…})(::Field{…}, ::Vararg{…})
    @ CUDA.CUDAKernels ~/.julia/packages/CUDA/RQqFT/src/CUDAKernels.jl:89
 [21] _launch!(::GPU{…}, ::RectilinearGrid{…}, ::Symbol, ::Function, ::Field{…}, ::RectilinearGrid{…}, ::Vararg{…}; exclude_periphery::Bool, reduced_dimensions::Tuple{}, active_cells_map::Nothing)
    @ Oceananigans.Utils ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Utils/kernel_launching.jl:298
 [22] _launch!
    @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Utils/kernel_launching.jl:275 [inlined]
 [23] launch!
    @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Utils/kernel_launching.jl:258 [inlined]
 [24] compute_interior_tendency_contributions!(model::NonhydrostaticModel{…}, kernel_parameters::Symbol; active_cells_map::Nothing)
    @ Oceananigans.Models.NonhydrostaticModels ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Models/NonhydrostaticModels/compute_nonhydrostatic_tendencies.jl:133
 [25] compute_interior_tendency_contributions!
    @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Models/NonhydrostaticModels/compute_nonhydrostatic_tendencies.jl:57 [inlined]
 [26] compute_tendencies!(model::NonhydrostaticModel{…}, callbacks::Vector{…})
    @ Oceananigans.Models.NonhydrostaticModels ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Models/NonhydrostaticModels/compute_nonhydrostatic_tendencies.jl:35
 [27] #apply_regionally!#56
    @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Utils/multi_region_transformation.jl:121 [inlined]
 [28] apply_regionally!
    @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Utils/multi_region_transformation.jl:118 [inlined]
 [29] macro expansion
    @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Utils/multi_region_transformation.jl:206 [inlined]
 [30] update_state!(model::NonhydrostaticModel{…}, callbacks::Vector{…}; compute_tendencies::Bool)
    @ Oceananigans.Models.NonhydrostaticModels ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Models/NonhydrostaticModels/update_nonhydrostatic_model_state.jl:53
 [31] update_state! (repeats 2 times)
    @ ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Models/NonhydrostaticModels/update_nonhydrostatic_model_state.jl:20 [inlined]
 [32] initialize!(sim::Simulation{…})
    @ Oceananigans.Simulations ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Simulations/run.jl:208
 [33] time_step!(sim::Simulation{…})
    @ Oceananigans.Simulations ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Simulations/run.jl:138
 [34] run!(sim::Simulation{…}; pickup::Bool)
    @ Oceananigans.Simulations ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Simulations/run.jl:105
 [35] run!(sim::Simulation{…})
    @ Oceananigans.Simulations ~/.julia/packages/Oceananigans/2NE0o/src/Simulations/run.jl:92
 [36] top-level scope
    @ ~/Documents/Development/LagrangianParticleModelDevelopment/oceanbiome_trimmed_example.jl:54
Some type information was truncated. Use `show(err)` to see complete types.
```

For clarity, to get this I ran the code from #251 but changed the adapt line to `Adapt.adapt_structure(to, bgc::NutrientPhytoplankton) = NutrientPhytoplankton(nothing)`

Reviewer: Oh sorry I just reaslised it gets the bgc velocities here:
https://github.com/CliMA/Oceananigans.jl/blob/224ba94e86f29af457bbf86430c5498f2433ec06/src/Models/NonhydrostaticModels/nonhydrostatic_tendency_kernel_functions.jl#L248C33-L248C62
I thought they were got from somewhere else

```

> Also, in order for `ScaleNegativeTracers` to work on a GPU, we must add `grid` as one of the input arguments. We replace the definition of `negative_tracer_scaling` with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can add `grid` as the second argument for `ScaleNegativeTracers` so that it automatically works on a GPU. We replace the definition of `negative_tracer_scaling` with:
```

```@example implementing
negative_tracer_scaling = ScaleNegativeTracers((:N, :P), grid)
```

> We can then add `GPU()` to the definition of `grid` in the usual way, and the column model above will be able to run on a GPU. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
